2005-10-11  Andreas J Koenig  <akoenig@cellular.de>

	* Bug: "reload cpan" does not work if the old and the new CPAN.pm
	have a different path. I installed a new CPAN.pm from CPAN and it
	did remove the old /usr/share/perl/5.8/CPAN.pm but instelled the
	new one as /usr/local/share/perl/5.8.7/CPAN.pm. The reload then
	always just said "0 subroutines redefined".

	* Bug: "o conf foo bar" should complain about invalid key "foo".
	It does instead set "foo" to "bar" and it happened to me to set
	"debug" to "all" and then I wondered why debugging was not turned
	on. Would it have complained, I would have found the correct
	command ("o debug all") much quicker.

2003-08-13  Andreas J Koenig

	cpan script should accept arguments as suggested by Matt Sergeant:
	   cpan install My::Foo
	
	Cache manager should read youngest directories first and start
	deleting without measuring as soon as the cache limit is reached.
	
	Rename 'o conf' to 'set' and 'o debug' to 'set debug'.
	
	Profiling?
	
	Provide something, so that the next "o conf commit" will not overwrite
	the config file. maybe "myconfig_readonly"?
	
	I have a patch by Jochen Wiedmann that implements a per-distribution
	permanent configuration directory. The new containsmods() method in
	1.52 should help to fit the patch with the rest of CPAN.pm.
	
	Option to skip testing (Ask Bjoern Hansen).
	
	Default Argument for make,test,look,etc. could be the last argument???
	
	Make a preferred download method configurable (allow further download
	methods via plugin?)
	
	Allow different site preferences for index files and other files
	
	Replace make with Make
	
	Maintain the cache at runtime. Currently we only check it at startup.
	
	Distribute compressed CHECKSUM files
	
	Security layer
	
	make plugins configurable, adjust @ISA
	
	Make configurable that multiple additional index files can be
	integrated (for Intra-CPANs). I believe CPAN::Site did it right
	anyway, so we might skip this.
	
	Make the 'make' command itself configurable as suggested by Rujith de
	Silva <rujith.desilva@ps.net>, who wants to run 'sudo make install'
	instead of 'make install'. (Fixing this is delayed, because it
	interacts with Make.pm)
	
	Local Variables:
	mode: change-log
	change-log-default-name: "Todo"
	End:
